there's a hummus the summer air and
we're slipping off the course that we
prepare but in all chaos there is
calculation dropping glasses just to
hear them break
so whats up guys its main axis come over
that's got another video and it's some
more accessible screen news so basically
they just announced or two shown a new
trailer for a game I think I on the
school again I believe it's sick
personally uh so it's not really a log
of a trailer it's a palatable 1 million
something like 30 seconds of being
footage that's really nice in-game
footage for more of a perspective whys
of the new character which seems cool it
will be taking place in France not sure
when it will take a place and friends is
in 18th century so it could be anywhere
between you know 1700 do whatever it can
be really through anything right now but
hopefully we do some we do see some
Napoleon due to the fact he was raining
during that time during that time also
like going that century a whole bunch of
like civil wars for having all over the
world so most likely they're gonna try
to integrate some kind of revolution
between you know like a revolution in
the game at the players fighting almost
like we have it to direct control over
of course the characters post-fight we
gonna be a French character not sure
what his background story is yet they
most likely I'll see some more footage
or not footage but more of a trailers
gonna teach tell his past sometime next
month because this is the time of you
top usually does announced for the games
I was like a little disappointed angle
with China stuff really really mad at
you know so many hints that was going to
China but hey they are making two
versions of the game once coming out of
ps4 it you bastard see and another one
is coming out on the xbox 360 and ps3 so
heads going interested not sure if it's
coming to PC as well that last verses
Fallujah I'm not sure if next gens won't
get two copies of the game who knows but
the game title is going to be unity it's
not going to be a sentence creed 5 as
well be called statins Creed unity sort
of like how Brotherhood was called yeah
course brother and house a discrete
revelations so most likely this is a
lumbia entry in a new series or a new
character more likely Soviet entry in
for a librarian
not progressing in the guy's not
assignable most likely not gonna
progress in the present day but as much
like your progress in some way in the
past to give us a better understanding
of the assassins which will be
interesting hopefully they do bring back
naval combat due to the fact that door
the French they did have a navy which
will be cool to see and of course if
this does take place on earlier like you
know later in the 18th century we most
likely will see some naval combat if you
don't I'll be able to disappointing but
that's about it guys hope you guys are
the real please transfer our campus
you